Add note that beforeScript runs inside the container for some execution environments (#5051)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/process.md

> :::{note}
> When combined with the {ref}`container directive <process-container>`, the `beforeScript` will be executed outside the specified container. In other words, the `beforeScript` is always executed in the host environment.
> The exception to this is container-native execution environments such as cloud batch and kubernetes, where `beforeScript` must run inside the container.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the process is containerized (using the {ref}`process-container` directive), the `beforeScript` will be executed in the container only if the executor is *container-native* (e.g. cloud batch executors, Kubernetes). Otherwise, the `beforeScript` will be executed outside the container.
```
